---
pubDate: 2023-02-13
title: Lexington Themes
subtitle: Free and premium multipage themes and UI Kits for freelancers, developers, businesses, and personal use. Beautifully crafted with Astro.js, and Tailwind CSS — Simple & easy to customise.
live: "https://lexingtonthemes.com"
image:
  url: "https://lexingtonthemes.com/OpenGraph/twitter.png"
  alt: "Put your alt text."
---


## Features and Benefits
- **No subscription required** — the bundle license is a one-time purchase. Lexington Themes will never charge you again after the initial payment.
- **Unlimited projects** — the Lexington Themes license allows you to use all themes as many times as you want.
- **Lifetime access** — you get instant access to all themes today, as well as any new themes added in the future.
- **Free updates** — any improvements, new components, and new templates are included with your original purchase.
- **Support** — when you purchase the bundle, you get access to Lexington's Discord channel.
- **Every theme available** — this includes all themes and UI kits made to date, as well as future additions.


## Technologies Used
- Astro & Tailwind CSS


## Challenges and Solutions
One of the main challenges was ensuring that themes remain lightweight and performant despite offering rich customization options. We adopted a modular design approach, allowing users to enable only the features they need, significantly improving load times and overall performance.

## Results and Impact
Since its launch on February 2023, LexingtonThemes.com has helped over 6,000 businesses and individuals establish a robust online presence. Our themes have been praised for their ease of use, design quality, and exceptional customer support.

## Project Team
- **Michael Andreuzz**: Do it all




## Awards and Recognition
- Astro Build grant

## Contact
For more information or inquiries about our themes, please contact us at [email@example.com](mailto:email@example.com).

---

Thank you for exploring the LexingtonThemes.com project. Dive deeper into our collection and discover themes that elevate your online presence.
